	I really enjoyed Randy’s lecture. How he reflected on his life and presented it to the audience was very touching and profound. At first I thought, “this is an hour long, how am I gonna 
finish all my homework in one day, plus I need to focus on this, man this isn’t gonna be fun,” however, it was a great lecture about not giving up on your dreams. While some of his dreams seemed
 unattainable at first, with determination, time, and some work around the rules, he made all of his childhood dreams come true. I hope to do the same thing someday. Since I was a kid I’ve wanted 
to work in film. I’ve switched from wanting to do small content creation, directing, editing, to finally animation. I want to be creative.


	Everytime I think about where I am in my career, I think I’m too far away, I should be farther by now, or that I’m not good enough to do what I want. However, there are always times I need
 to put my life into perspective. I’m now 20, with an Associates Degree in Media Art. I can start working in graphic design and different media fields already. However, I still have learning I 
need to do. I have plenty of time to accomplish my dreams, and they are just getting started. In my Disney College Program, I got one dream accomplished by meeting an animator. Jay Ward was an 
animator for Pixar during the early days of the company. He worked on films like, Cars (1 and 2), Brave, The Incredibles, and my favorite film of all time Monsters Inc. Jay Ward is now the 
Creative Director of Franchises for all of Pixar. His story was inspiring, hearing all the amazing things he’s gotten to be a part of and create. However, the best thing is when I won a meet and 
greet with him after his presentation. In my short interaction with him, I was able to ask him what he would recommend for a portfolio at Pixar. When he asked what specifically I was looking to 
do, I had to think for a second, I hadn’t thought of it yet, all I knew is that I wanted to be in the Pixar building in some way. I said the first thing that came to mind, which was character 
design; however, after thinking about it later, I realized that I would love to do storyboarding or cinematography. 


	Now that I know what to do, I can dream. I know that time is on my side and that I can always do other things while working towards my goals. Every little thing is something I can use 
in a portfolio. I want to create pieces for people to analyze and find a deeper meaning in my pieces (even if I have a small portion in the art). I can’t wait to see how my life turns out and 
I believe I will get there, not now, but soon. 
